Docs: New how-to sublevels (Diátaxis) (#10131)
readthedocs/readthedocs.org: docs/dev/style-guide.rst

Explanation
~~~~~~~~~~~

* Title convention: Use words indicating explanation in the title.
  Like **Understanding <subject>**, **Dive into <subject>**, **Introduction to <subject>** etc.

> * Introduce the scope in the first paragraph: **“This article introduces ...”**.

Reviewer: 💯

How-to guides
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Title should begin with **“How to ...”**.

>   If the how-to guide is specific for Sphinx, make sure to note it in the title.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If the how-to guide is specific for a tool, make sure to note it in the title.
```

Author: Nice one!

I have a weird love when the style guide doesn't follow the style guide, it so perfectly fits that old saying of "do as I say not as I do" :)
